Combination CI/SIT pipeline (#25)
ONSdigital/census-rm-deploy: README.md

Response management Concourse pipelines and documentation

## Pipelines

> ### [CI-SIT Kubernetes Pipeline](pipelines/ci-sit-kubernetes-pipeline.yml)

Reviewer: :+1: for "SIT" instead!

This pipeline deploys the infrastructure and services to CI, runs the [`acceptance tests`](https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-rm-acceptance-tests) against them then deploys them to SIT if they pass.

The deploys/tests can be triggered by:
* Changes to our infrastructure in [`census-rm-terraform`](https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-rm-terraform) which will trigger an automatic terraform apply in CI, redeploy all services and run acceptance tests

* Changes to our k8s manifests in [`census-rm-kubernetes`](https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-rm-kubernetes).

> * New builds for the `latest` tag for the RM service docker images. On being triggered by a new image build it runs the config apply to ensure the config is in line with master, then runs `kubectl patch` for the nesity built images deployment giving them a timestamp and image digest label. This causes kubernetes to re-pull the latest image and bring up new pods while we are using `imagePullPolicy: Always`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* New builds for the `latest` tag for the RM service docker images. On being triggered by a new image build it applies the config to ensure it is in line with master, then runs `kubectl patch` for the newly built image deployments giving them a timestamp and image digest label. This causes kubernetes to re-pull the latest image and bring up new pods while we are using `imagePullPolicy: Always`.
```
